Adding Tabs to account for OS differences with multiline commands + misc. changes (#42)
osu-tournament-rating/otr-docs: docs/topics/Migrations.md

## Creating Migrations

<tabs group="os">
   <tab id="Windows-create" title="Windows" group-key="Windows">
      To create a new migration, run the following in the root directory of the repository.<br/>
      <code-block>
      dotnet ef migrations add [Entity_ChangesMade] `
      --project Database `
      --startup-project API `
      --context OtrContext
      </code-block>
   </tab>
   <tab id="Else-create" title="Linux &amp; macOS" group-key="Else">

>       To create a new migration, run the following in the root directory of the repository.<br/>

Reviewer: See other comments regarding text inside the tabs section.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> If using JetBrains Rider, take advantage of the built-in [Entity Framework tools](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/rider/Visual_interface_for_EF_Core_commands.html)!
>
> {style="tip"}
```

## Removing Migrations

<tabs group="os">
   <tab id="Windows-remove" title="Windows" group-key="Windows">

>       If you need to undo a migration, run the following command to revert the most recent migration.<br/>

Reviewer: I would move this help text outside of the tab grouping and focus on having just the command be the thing that is tabular. I'd say apply this to a few items, attach a screenshot, then we can decide whether to apply this everywhere else.

Author: Here's a screenshot of text outside the tab grouping.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6af72830-292d-42aa-972b-4f1b579438ca)

Reviewer: Yeah do this everywhere, the only thing inside the tab groups should be the actual differences in instructions between operating systems.

      <code-block>
      dotnet ef migrations remove `
      --project Database `
      --startup-project API `
      --context OtrContext
      </code-block>
   </tab>
   <tab id="Else-remove" title="Linux &amp; macOS" group-key="Else">
      If you need to undo a migration, run the following command to revert the most recent migration.<br/>
      <code-block>
      dotnet ef migrations remove \
      --project Database \
      --startup-project API \
      --context OtrContext
      </code-block>
   </tab>
</tabs>

## Applying Migrations

<tabs group="os">
   <tab id="Windows-apply" title="Windows" group-key="Windows">

>       Run the following to apply any pending migrations to the database. In development, ensure the database appears as you expect it to after applying migrations.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Run the following to apply any pending migrations to the database. In development, ensure the database appears as expected after applying migrations.<br/>
```

Best to avoid first/second person

      <code-block>
      dotnet ef migrations update `
      --project Database `
      --startup-project API `
      --context OtrContext
      </code-block>
   </tab>
   <tab id="Else-apply" title="Linux &amp; macOS" group-key="Else">

>       Run the following to apply any pending migrations to the database. In development, ensure the database appears as you expect it to after applying migrations.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Run the following to apply any pending migrations to the database. In development, ensure the database appears as expected after applying migrations.<br/>
```
